mk_add_options MOZ_MAKE_FLAGS="-j11"

ac_add_options --enable-release
ac_add_options --enable-project=mail
ac_add_options --enable-optimize="-O2 -Ob2ity -GS- -GFAT -Qpar -Qfast_transcendentals -openmp"
ac_add_options --enable-jemalloc
ac_add_options --enable-official-branding
#ac_add_options --enable-shared-js
#ac_add_options --enable-devtools
#ac_add_options  --enable-debug
ac_add_options  --disable-debug
ac_add_options  --enable-strip
#ac_add_options --disable-skia
ac_add_options --disable-maintenance-service
ac_add_options --disable-crashreporter
ac_add_options --disable-updater
ac_add_options --disable-tests
#ac_add_options --disable-mochitests
ac_add_options --disable-js-lto
ac_add_options --enable-jxl
export MOZ_SOURCE_CHANGESET=iloveneedingtobodgechangesetfornoreason

# Branding
ac_add_options --with-app-name=eMail
ac_add_options --with-app-basename=eMail
ac_add_options --with-distribution-id=com.eclipse.email

WIN32_REDIST_DIR=$VCINSTALLDIR/Redist/MSVC/14.16.27012/x86/Microsoft.VC141.CRT